---
Topic:
    - 互联网
,    - 文化娱乐

Field:
    - 分类
,    - 数据挖掘

License:
    - CC0 公共领域共享

Ext:
    - .csv

DatasetUsage:
    - 4443565
---

## **背景描述**
该数据集包含来自热门网站MyAnimeList的前10000部漫画和前10000部动漫的信息。数据于2024年1月6日被抓取

## **数据说明**
anime.csv:
Title: Title of the anime (in both Japanese and English).
Score: Score given by users (out of 10).
Vote: Number of user votes for the anime.
Ranked: Ranking of the anime.
Popularity: Popularity rank.
Episodes: Number of episodes.
Status: Current airing status (e.g., Finished Airing).
Aired: Airing period (e.g., Apr 2009 to Jun 2010).
Premiered: Premiere season and year.
Producers: Production companies.
Licensors: Licensing companies.
Studios: Animation studios.
Source: Source material (e.g., Manga).
Duration: Duration per episode.
Rating: Age rating.

manga.csv:
Title: Title of the manga (in both Japanese and English).
Score: Score given by users (out of 10).
Vote: Number of user votes for the manga.
Ranked: Ranking of the manga.
Popularity: Popularity rank.
Members: Number of community members who have added the manga to their lists.
Favorite: Number of community members who favorited the manga.
Volumes: Number of volumes.
Chapters: Number of chapters.
Status: Publishing status (e.g., Finished).
Published: Publication period.
Genres: Genres of the manga.
Themes: Themes explored in the manga.
Demographics: Target audience.
Serialization: Manga serialization information (e.g., Shounen Jump).
Author: Author(s) of the manga.

## **数据来源**
https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/duongtruongbinh/manga-and-anime-dataset/data
## **问题描述**
流行分析